I have never felt closer to my mom in
the exact same place that she was all
those years ago only this time we know
who the father is
yurgin yeah typical is about 20 years
for a dead man three coming on at once
you're my mom and I love you so much
the time has been most cruel to you sir
your case age becomes you as it does the
tree the wine and she's
I can do this
if I can just be as brave as my mom was
back then I was cheated by unbell I'm
done do you know when the world is wide
so I'm gonna make some memory no she's
missing her man which one but I suddenly
lose we only just met you're not that
kind of girl
absolutely not usually
[Music]
she wasn't scared she could do it
because she wasn't alone
she had me
you can't tell anybody about the baby
yet I just told bill yeah and I told
Harry I told many many people let's get
the party started grandma you weren't
invited that's the best kind of party
little girl